Bring back stats and plotting aliases (#4536)
pymc-devs/pymc: docs/source/api/stats.rst

*****
Stats
*****

.. currentmodule:: pymc3.stats

Statistics and diagnostics are delegated to the
`ArviZ <https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/index.html>`_.
library, a general purpose library for
"exploratory analysis of Bayesian models".

Functions from the `arviz.stats` module are available through ``pymc3.<function>`` or ``pymc3.stats.<function>``,

> but for their API documentation please refer to the `ArviZ documentation <https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/api/stats.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but for their API documentation please refer to the :ref:`ArviZ documentation <arviz:stats_api>`.
```

`ArviZ <https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/index.html>`_.
library, a general purpose library for
"exploratory analysis of Bayesian models."
For statistics and diagnostics, ``pymc3.<function>`` are now aliases
for ArviZ functions. Thus, the links below will redirect you to
ArviZ docs:

.. currentmodule:: pymc3.stats

- :func:`pymc3.bfmi <arviz:arviz.bfmi>`
- :func:`pymc3.compare <arviz:arviz.compare>`
- :func:`pymc3.ess <arviz:arviz.ess>`

> - :data:`pymc3.geweke <arviz:arviz.geweke>`

Reviewer: we deleted geweke in ArviZ, it had basically been broken for a while (worked only on 1d arrays) and nobody had complained. This is why there are questions on discourse about it being missing, but so far nobody has complained about it being missing, only about the import error it causes with old pymc3 versions.

> - :func:`pymc3.hpd <arviz:arviz.hpd>`

Reviewer: I understand wanting to keep the original `pm.hpd` name, but `az.hpd` no longer exists either, it is now `az.hdi`. This one is used and had a deprecation warning for several arviz releases indicating users to switch from hpd to hdi.

Note that currently the code does not do any hpd-hdi aliasing on pymc3 side though.
